hello how's everyone doing do I get to
see my slides here can I just press
right this is awesome this is me hello I
founded the ipfs is scored I helped
organized the SF Meetup I'm a product
guy and I'm here to talk about what I've
been working on the past few months
this topic is super important to me you
know we keep talking about the
centralization being super important and
I think that's a big part of what we're
trying to fix here with ipfs but I like
you to help reframe that a little bit
you see I think that if we get these big
top 10 companies to like use
decentralized technology well okay
they'll be better distributed and save
on bandwidth and whatever but the real
prize I think that we're after is to go
for this internet that's not just ten
websites that control 90% of web traffic
which is where we are right now and I
think the people in this room are the
best people to help create an Internet
that's not just gentrified not just this
kind of like you know you want video go
to that one place but you can help
create your own thing so that's
something that's very important to me
and I think that that the shape of the
web we have right now is kind of danger
for free speech we're lucky that most of
us live in countries that have free
speech but you know if you have the 10
websites it's really easy for them to de
platform you and do all kinds of like
weird so I think the perma web I
think that PFS I think the centralized
tech is the perfect fit to deal with
this and help people you know create
technology to deal with that so because
it's self hosted because it's guide to
an encryption Thank You textile for
making their sheets so much easier for
us and because it's resilient so I've
been working with a team of three people
for the past I guess for five months on
an app called perma web writer which is
a very simple markdown editor but helps
you publish easily to ipfs because well
I mean you could write markdown and save
in sublime and then ipfs ad or whatever
but
I'm trying to get you know maybe a
million users to use ipfs this way and
stuff and hopefully more so it's built
on top of IP FS and textile so this
helps us organize things in threads and
get updates automatically and stuff it's
just a lot of convenience so we've
released this it's available on the
github link that you see for pretty much
all the platforms mobile is coming and
I'd like to show you a little bit how it
works so here's an example a crowded
example of what we have to show you what
it can do we've got the same kind of
editor as you'd see on medium for
example because the normies liked that a
lot
so you know if you highlight your text
you can make it headers and stuff and
bold and all that you can embed stuff we
have a nice little shortcut to put emoji
in things yeah you press column and poop
emoji appear it's awesome we're adding
slash commands for gifts because people
want that too and it's just a not faster
more convenient way of publishing stuff
you know in a DFS we're very more
product people so we focused a lot on
this camp like convenience the light
thing and all that you don't see in a
lot of the web apps currently so you
know we have a big emphasis on keyboard
shortcuts
I made a gif for this slide I was very
proud we really cool thing with ipfs is
we get history for free which some
reason love blogging platforms don't
give you that and we have different
views we're adding a VIN view soon so
that's nice so you can feel like you're
God when you're typing a lot of people
like them and and so generally we just
try to make this thing a nice convenient
tool for for teams and for people who
are not necessary Miller with the ideas
of the perma web the decentralized web
web 3 or a you call it like just
use this thing and it's going to be easy
for you to have this permanent thing and
a big platform can just take it away
from you and D platform you another
thing that's really important so you can
use it for notes and to do's and have a
personal paste bin because it's
encrypted so whatever and also published
blog posts and have public links for
those things collaborate with people
and I have a minute left okay cool and
and so the vision we have for this is to
turn this into a headless TMS so that
you can write content here and on your
website put a little bit JavaScript go
like okay tell me what the latest post
that I've made and they pulls the title
I post the content and suddenly you have
a dynamic piece like the dynamic website
that you've built over at PFS so you're
not stuck with this whole like static
website stuff going on that a lot of
people think is what you'd have when you
publish a blog and ipfs so this is
interesting like we're building a
consumer product on the stack that is
not exactly production ready you know it
speed is the issue sometimes and now but
but we're doing this so that we can one
get the community here to start
embracing tools they're just you know
made for more like convenience and stuff
and also get more people introduced to
this ecosystem I'd love to hear what you
think I'd love to get teams to use this
and we should talk about this more soon
thank you
[Applause]